Multiplicity is a law of nature much like gravity, it's always been there. It exists at the smallest levels of our existence to the greatest and it can be used to quantify the value of our interactions while appreciating our diversity and identifying our commonalities without double counting. Multiplicity is used to distinguish reciprocity between same energy members at any given state from an individual, to a nation, or the entire globe. Qualifying a value that is forever stable, autonomous and none dependent upon any other form of currency, credit system, or anything that is material, it's what we know as the value of community.

If one man was sitting on top of all the money in the world and there was no one else to appreciate it what value would the money have? Why then do we base the value of our interactions on what is worthless at a given state and broadly manipulated everywhere else? This platform gives a stable none fluxuating value that once implimented requires half the energy input to achieve the same goal. And if everyone becomes a member the value is forver trippled. Multiplicity is quantified in the lowest energy because those with the greatest multiplicity are those who take less energy to get the same results.

From the least of us to the greatest this platform has the potential to provide the same opportunity and benefits to all mankind. A discovery so great that no single person should own it. A definition of Multiplcity in Social Physics that only exists by the observance of this platform. Everyone is welcome to give feedback, criticisms, and or participate in any fashion. This manifold of information is far from it's last revision and where things might be missing or out of place could be your valuable input thats needed to make it even better, there's always room for improvement and we apprecaite that here.

What we are creating here is the ultimate membership platform, its extensible, highly integratable, requires biometric input to gain account access, it outputs a digital fingerprint for all interactions and participation through the platform. On the inside we have an extensive catalog of all the deals and incentives a non-profit organization can get compiled with the services we provide as network and what our memebrs bring to the table. 
